NAMESPACE            NAME                                                              READY   STATUS                       RESTARTS   AGE
default              predictive-segmentation-attribution-job-1648555500-bwpq7          0/1     CreateContainerConfigError   0          3d21h
default              predictive-segmentation-attribution-job-manual-1648555800-52fh2   0/1     CreateContainerConfigError   0          3d21h
gatekeeper-system    gatekeeper-audit-79c8f6d95f-jjksc                                 1/1     Running                      0          8d
gatekeeper-system    gatekeeper-controller-manager-ccc4f896b-bcxxr                     1/1     Running                      0          9d
gatekeeper-system    gatekeeper-controller-manager-ccc4f896b-hbd8j                     1/1     Running                      0          9d
gatekeeper-system    gatekeeper-controller-manager-ccc4f896b-rdk5c                     1/1     Running                      0          9d
ingress              api-gateway-6c98f78b7d-kj898                                      1/1     Running                      0          26h
ingress              api-gateway-internal-8cccdd455-lblgg                              1/1     Running                      0          26h
ingress              aws-alb-ingress-controller-7c477cf574-2xczp                       1/1     Running                      0          9d
ingress              aws-alb-ingress-controller-7c477cf574-psp6q                       1/1     Running                      0          8d
kube-system          aws-node-4q87k                                                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          aws-node-7x2s4                                                    1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
kube-system          aws-node-b48zg                                                    1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
kube-system          aws-node-cdzbk                                                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          aws-node-gg7zh                                                    1/1     Running                      0          21h
kube-system          aws-node-ggpzs                                                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          aws-node-gr98p                                                    1/1     Running                      1          9d
kube-system          aws-node-h5djd                                                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          aws-node-h8qss                                                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          aws-node-hf96z                                                    1/1     Running                      0          8d
kube-system          aws-node-j2dhs                                                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          aws-node-jnbtz                                                    1/1     Running                      0          21h
kube-system          aws-node-kmqz4                                                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          aws-node-lsjjn                                                    1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
kube-system          aws-node-lz955                                                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          aws-node-m84zv                                                    1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
kube-system          aws-node-mcq7t                                                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          aws-node-p87ls                                                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          aws-node-rzbdt                                                    1/1     Running                      28         9d
kube-system          aws-node-sg8wf                                                    1/1     Running                      0          21h
kube-system          aws-node-wzqg6                                                    1/1     Running                      0          8d
kube-system          aws-node-z8g98                                                    1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
kube-system          aws-node-zrt7h                                                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          cluster-autoscaler-aws-cluster-autoscaler-76f4786d7f-mln7c        1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          cluster-overprovisioner-default-865f9556cf-7xzjf                  1/1     Running                      0          21h
kube-system          cluster-overprovisioner-default-865f9556cf-bmln6                  1/1     Running                      0          21h
kube-system          cluster-overprovisioner-default-865f9556cf-rp8kf                  1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
kube-system          cluster-overprovisioner-default-865f9556cf-rsg9g                  1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
kube-system          cluster-overprovisioner-default-865f9556cf-x5bmb                  1/1     Running                      0          21h
kube-system          coredns-5f7f65f78b-lt86v                                          1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          coredns-5f7f65f78b-v7hq7                                          1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-agent-7827s                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-agent-9bjp4                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-agent-b9f8l                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-agent-bvs6d                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-agent-c9dnq                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-agent-ft27q                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-agent-kp548                                                  1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
kube-system          kiam-agent-kwcpd                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-agent-lm42g                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-agent-lntgb                                                  1/1     Running                      0          21h
kube-system          kiam-agent-n7znv                                                  1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
kube-system          kiam-agent-pkk2f                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-agent-pkrwx                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-agent-r6pm8                                                  1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
kube-system          kiam-agent-r6t5j                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-agent-tr7bs                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-agent-x7wxp                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-agent-x8qt9                                                  1/1     Running                      0          21h
kube-system          kiam-agent-zhl8c                                                  1/1     Running                      0          21h
kube-system          kiam-agent-zk87n                                                  1/1     Running                      0          8d
kube-system          kiam-agent-zxjz7                                                  1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
kube-system          kiam-server-4l82q                                                 1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-server-7prhh                                                 1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-server-8229t                                                 1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-server-86vzm                                                 1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-server-8r5qn                                                 1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-server-bzjss                                                 1/1     Running                      0          21h
kube-system          kiam-server-dtj48                                                 1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
kube-system          kiam-server-jgshl                                                 1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-server-jwgpz                                                 1/1     Running                      0          21h
kube-system          kiam-server-mmtr4                                                 1/1     Running                      0          8d
kube-system          kiam-server-mz9zn                                                 1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-server-n5lsj                                                 1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
kube-system          kiam-server-q47lr                                                 1/1     Running                      0          21h
kube-system          kiam-server-qt58q                                                 1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-server-tsjwx                                                 1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-server-tw2wg                                                 1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
kube-system          kiam-server-vhmsk                                                 1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-server-wbhgw                                                 1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
kube-system          kiam-server-wkwvp                                                 1/1     Running                      7          9d
kube-system          kiam-server-wrhwl                                                 1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kiam-server-zkhm6                                                 1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kube-proxy-2kgrz                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kube-proxy-2lt55                                                  1/1     Running                      0          21h
kube-system          kube-proxy-47rc5                                                  1/1     Running                      0          21h
kube-system          kube-proxy-4qwcw                                                  1/1     Running                      0          8d
kube-system          kube-proxy-562cf                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kube-proxy-6h5pk                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kube-proxy-bb82p                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kube-proxy-bgvfc                                                  1/1     Running                      0          21h
kube-system          kube-proxy-bh6p2                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kube-proxy-blqck                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kube-proxy-dn969                                                  1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
kube-system          kube-proxy-g4h4z                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kube-proxy-hsfvt                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kube-proxy-jn7gf                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kube-proxy-k7458                                                  1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
kube-system          kube-proxy-np6g7                                                  1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
kube-system          kube-proxy-s4wbc                                                  1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
kube-system          kube-proxy-sxn7c                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kube-proxy-tqmrn                                                  1/1     Running                      0          8d
kube-system          kube-proxy-v72gr                                                  1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
kube-system          kube-proxy-wnn7b                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kube-proxy-wqvxv                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          kube-proxy-xf799                                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
kube-system          metrics-server-8568cb78f8-5dj4k                                   1/1     Running                      0          8d
kube-system          vpa-7d57dbf7b8-tzs6g                                              1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
linkerd              linkerd-controller-689c97cd5f-t9lzr                               2/2     Running                      0          8d
linkerd              linkerd-destination-6f6b4c5f9c-jp42j                              2/2     Running                      0          9d
linkerd              linkerd-identity-87655dbbb-f46jc                                  2/2     Running                      0          2d23h
linkerd              linkerd-proxy-injector-55c55b6b4-xvxff                            2/2     Running                      0          9d
linkerd              linkerd-sp-validator-6cffc89c9b-4hhwc                             2/2     Running                      0          9d
local-path-storage   local-path-provisioner-6b8c9467bb-pjcg9                           1/1     Running                      0          9d
monitoring           alertmanager-prometheus-prometheus-oper-alertmanager-0            2/2     Running                      0          20h
monitoring           alertmanager-prometheus-prometheus-oper-alertmanager-1            2/2     Running                      0          20h
monitoring           cloudwatch-exporter-prometheus-cloudwatch-exporter-796f9582btsh   1/1     Running                      0          9d
monitoring           datadog-7c58bf6996-kknft                                          1/1     Running                      0          5d3h
monitoring           datadog-7c58bf6996-sqpf5                                          1/1     Running                      0          5d3h
monitoring           eventrouter-568cfff8d8-9fpn5                                      1/1     Running                      0          5d3h
monitoring           loki-canary-fdb4f799c-ml2nl                                       1/1     Running                      0          2d23h
monitoring           loki-canary-fdb4f799c-qgbzm                                       1/1     Running                      0          8d
monitoring           loki-compactor-b9c4df6db-4l5r6                                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
monitoring           loki-distributor-5b69bf98cf-95xlz                                 1/1     Running                      0          9d
monitoring           loki-distributor-5b69bf98cf-ht82l                                 1/1     Running                      0          9d
monitoring           loki-gateway-5d7d7dc5db-297hs                                     1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           loki-gateway-5d7d7dc5db-4glgx                                     1/1     Running                      0          9d
monitoring           loki-ingester-0                                                   1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           loki-ingester-1                                                   1/1     Running                      0          9d
monitoring           loki-querier-0                                                    1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           loki-querier-1                                                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
monitoring           loki-query-frontend-77c77dfbb-4tc5b                               1/1     Running                      0          9d
monitoring           loki-query-frontend-77c77dfbb-nqf6b                               1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           loki-ruler-5c78487b9c-69cpc                                       1/1     Running                      0          9d
monitoring           loki-ruler-5c78487b9c-fgc5r                                       1/1     Running                      0          9d
monitoring           loki-table-manager-dc98c8b69-f7wjs                                1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-adapter-6f77b5984f-c72nv                               1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-adapter-6f77b5984f-k87g6                               1/1     Running                      0          9d
monitoring           prometheus-blackbox-exporter-d9b89dc4-5mdnq                       1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
monitoring           prometheus-canary-69c878b8c8-bsgpf                                1/1     Running                      9          9d
monitoring           prometheus-kube-state-metrics-58858fd6c6-vtdhv                    1/1     Running                      0          26h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-2fl7n                         1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-2sjbm                         1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-4g4jp                         1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-5hx9h                         1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-6z9mc                         1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-9nh9w                         1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-bzt4g                         1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-f29xl                         1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-hbqms                         1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-hdrtn                         1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-j2jz7                         1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-jrvf5                         1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-lcqz7                         1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-qjz6n                         1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-r5gmt                         1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-rcdnm                         1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-rdfh9                         1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-rrb4l                         1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-smzng                         1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-w5776                         1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-wqn7l                         1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-xm9br                         1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-zw6f9                         1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-oper-operator-5b4d8f4855-9x89b              1/1     Running                      0          20h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-shard-ccm-0                                 3/3     Running                      0          20h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-shard-ccm-1                                 3/3     Running                      0          20h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-shard-cdp-0                                 3/3     Running                      0          20h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-shard-cdp-1                                 3/3     Running                      0          20h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-shard-platform-0                            3/3     Running                      0          20h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-shard-platform-1                            3/3     Running                      0          20h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-shard-product-0                             3/3     Running                      0          20h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-shard-product-1                             3/3     Running                      0          20h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-shard-ri-0                                  3/3     Running                      0          20h
monitoring           prometheus-prometheus-shard-ri-1                                  3/3     Running                      0          20h
monitoring           promtail-2kkq5                                                    1/1     Running                      0          8d
monitoring           promtail-2zgvp                                                    1/1     Running                      0          8d
monitoring           promtail-5n5b4                                                    1/1     Running                      0          8d
monitoring           promtail-66q4c                                                    1/1     Running                      0          8d
monitoring           promtail-8rjlg                                                    1/1     Running                      0          8d
monitoring           promtail-96ttc                                                    1/1     Running                      0          8d
monitoring           promtail-bxvbm                                                    1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
monitoring           promtail-cxjzc                                                    1/1     Running                      0          8d
monitoring           promtail-czgzk                                                    1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
monitoring           promtail-fx6xk                                                    1/1     Running                      0          8d
monitoring           promtail-gzh2q                                                    1/1     Running                      0          8d
monitoring           promtail-j9qvf                                                    1/1     Running                      0          8d
monitoring           promtail-jxnc5                                                    1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           promtail-kwjln                                                    1/1     Running                      0          8d
monitoring           promtail-lzxn8                                                    1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
monitoring           promtail-m2f2n                                                    1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           promtail-pxv5q                                                    1/1     Running                      0          8d
monitoring           promtail-r4282                                                    1/1     Running                      0          8d
monitoring           promtail-rqfg5                                                    1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
monitoring           promtail-sdk2l                                                    1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
monitoring           promtail-ts9j9                                                    1/1     Running                      0          8d
monitoring           promtail-wkc9w                                                    1/1     Running                      0          8d
monitoring           promtail-xnwhk                                                    1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           redis-exporter-prometheus-redis-exporter-76df7cc847-svfwg         1/1     Running                      0          9d
monitoring           snyk-monitor-5fc964bdc6-lc8nc                                     1/1     Running                      0          9d
monitoring           sonarqube-sonarqube-5db56649f-5pj6q                               1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
monitoring           thanos-bucket-65d5c5b4dd-dq2p7                                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
monitoring           thanos-compact-5f95667f9-hdtzm                                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
monitoring           thanos-query-64fcd8b88-qqmmh                                      1/1     Running                      0          9d
monitoring           thanos-query-64fcd8b88-xvrl5                                      1/1     Running                      0          9d
monitoring           thanos-store-0-65fb495c46-9jhrh                                   1/1     Running                      0          8d
monitoring           thanos-store-0-65fb495c46-lxkvz                                   1/1     Running                      0          21h
monitoring           thanos-store-1-7cf848999c-4hn25                                   1/1     Running                      0          9d
monitoring           thanos-store-1-7cf848999c-f4tms                                   1/1     Running                      0          9d
monitoring           thanos-store-2-5f4949dd76-cnr4x                                   1/1     Running                      0          9d
monitoring           thanos-store-2-5f4949dd76-wz527                                   1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              accounts-syncer-76c879484f-8mp92                                  1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
staging              api-accounts-5cb5555c96-h6zjt                                     1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              api-accounts-5cb5555c96-vm6nj                                     1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              api-audit-6dc689bf87-rpxjj                                        1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              api-campaigns-66b8d57455-bh85l                                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              api-campaigns-66b8d57455-n988g                                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              api-connections-545954b458-cl6t6                                  1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              api-connections-545954b458-twt6x                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              api-coupons-7cb559c6c7-m4xxd                                      1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
staging              api-custom-fields-864c968c95-hh28c                                1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
staging              api-deletion-v1-79b76cfd85-lnp2m                                  1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
staging              api-demo-ingest-654f5dff4b-c6dxn                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              api-demo-ingest-654f5dff4b-xgmz6                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              api-overlays-7798dc5c4d-95v82                                     1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              api-predictive-segmentation-b97786775-plvbb                       1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
staging              api-profiles-mobile-events-consumer-6bfdfbfdd6-clkff              1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
staging              api-profiles-v0-757f9f9749-s2s7x                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              api-public-7f4dbb5844-7pn7d                                       2/2     Running                      0          21h
staging              api-segments-5b86c585d7-nkbkl                                     1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              api-short-links-699d79f747-lnf8s                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              api-short-links-699d79f747-qkfcj                                  1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
staging              api-system-health-5f6d58d675-88pkw                                1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              api-tray-integrations-6d8666c684-tdr2j                            1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
staging              async-reporting-gateway-b485846f9-bbwwz                           1/1     Running                      0          5d3h
staging              async-reporting-monitor-78b47f7658-k7hlk                          1/1     Running                      0          5d3h
staging              async-reporting-notifier-7885449758-78rt9                         1/1     Running                      0          5d3h
staging              async-reporting-reaper-1648771200-8gd6z                           0/1     Completed                    0          38h
staging              async-reporting-reaper-1648857600-vpp8x                           0/1     Completed                    0          14h
staging              async-reporting-refresher-1648904400-8vbvb                        0/1     Completed                    0          101m
staging              async-reporting-refresher-1648908000-5xzsr                        0/1     Completed                    0          41m
staging              async-reporting-scheduler-1648861200-lslqt                        0/1     Completed                    0          13h
staging              async-reporting-scheduler-1648864800-wh6s7                        0/1     Completed                    0          12h
staging              async-reporting-worker-5d9747796-q8vrh                            1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              attribution-attribute-redshift-visits-66846b7979-qpgwc            1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              attribution-beanstalk-worker-6dbbc4c784-hhhpt                     1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              attribution-match-orders-1648905180-jgqpd                         0/1     Completed                    0          88m
staging              attribution-match-orders-1648908780-ttjlv                         0/1     Completed                    0          28m
staging              auth-webhook-7f7f47b4bc-lmcbq                                     1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              auth-webhook-7f7f47b4bc-qz5nc                                     1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              beanstalkd-68cf65c55f-dh59j                                       1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
staging              beanstalkd-console-d6986bb7-k2pjx                                 1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
staging              cloudwatch-exporter-product-prometheus-cloudwatch-exporternkxl8   1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              console-66f95cfffc-6jznv                                          3/3     Running                      0          3d21h
staging              console-66f95cfffc-wvd7l                                          3/3     Running                      0          5d2h
staging              console2-68bd5766bf-q882p                                         3/3     Running                      0          27h
staging              console2-68bd5766bf-vjqks                                         3/3     Running                      0          21h
staging              coreservices-beanstalk-76774ccd9d-j5gr6                           3/3     Running                      1          3d21h
staging              coreservices-gearman-7b75f449bf-sk2qd                             3/3     Running                      1          3d21h
staging              coreservices-gearman-accounts-6d84888c45-hjtkf                    3/3     Running                      7          9d
staging              cs-insights-reports-588c9d5b64-d8t6d                              1/1     Running                      2043       9d
staging              csv-upload-6b57587bbc-5klwz                                       1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
staging              csv-upload-6b57587bbc-hvnqf                                       1/1     Running                      1          9d
staging              csv-upload-progress-check-79f7884447-w2ncp                        1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              custom-fields-7745f74867-dt46t                                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              custom-fields-7745f74867-v2lz2                                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              custom-integrations-758b878fb9-ds6vw                              1/1     Running                      3          9d
staging              customers-engagement-faker-1648788300-6wgqd                       0/1     Error                        0          33h
staging              customers-engagement-faker-1648788300-8xlcg                       0/1     Error                        0          33h
staging              customers-engagement-faker-1648788300-9ttxd                       0/1     Error                        0          33h
staging              customers-engagement-faker-1648788300-gzkwk                       0/1     Error                        0          33h
staging              customers-engagement-faker-1648788300-lb4sr                       0/1     Error                        0          33h
staging              customers-engagement-faker-1648788300-lhhds                       0/1     Error                        0          33h
staging              customers-engagement-faker-1648788300-tpz5j                       0/1     Error                        0          33h
staging              customers-engagement-faker-1648874700-29q4n                       0/1     Error                        0          9h
staging              customers-engagement-faker-1648874700-hvjpj                       0/1     Error                        0          9h
staging              customers-engagement-faker-1648874700-hvk6b                       0/1     Error                        0          9h
staging              customers-engagement-faker-1648874700-j6dm9                       0/1     Error                        0          9h
staging              customers-engagement-faker-1648874700-ltdc5                       0/1     Error                        0          9h
staging              customers-engagement-faker-1648874700-tx4mf                       0/1     Error                        0          9h
staging              customers-engagement-faker-1648874700-xfdvx                       0/1     Error                        0          9h
staging              customers-health-dimensions-update-1648748100-pnvjw               0/1     Completed                    0          45h
staging              customers-health-dimensions-update-1648834500-szsjc               0/1     Completed                    0          21h
staging              data-consistency-checking-6fd5b5b454-7bhkz                        1/1     Running                      0          5d8h
staging              data-events-ingestion-7665fc66c8-bm74v                            1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              data-events-ingestion-7665fc66c8-r9vd7                            1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              data-events-ingestion-redshift-transformer-1648908000-gxfcs       0/1     Completed                    0          41m
staging              data-events-ingestion-redshift-transformer-1648909800-lxnfw       0/1     Completed                    0          11m
staging              data-ingestion-all-queues-5fc475c58-762zg                         1/1     Running                      0          25h
staging              data-ingestion-all-queues-staging-7b77866cb9-pg9gz                1/1     Running                      0          25h
staging              data-ingestion-gearman-5594b9fb64-s84hm                           1/1     Running                      0          25h
staging              data-ingestion-recalculate-customers-6b468564c7-rdl9t             1/1     Running                      0          25h
staging              data-ingestion-recalculate-whales-5684fbb64f-bzl8h                1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              data-ingestion-reingest-queues-67f8b487d-9s6g2                    1/1     Running                      0          25h
staging              data-ingestion-update-lifecycle-statuses-1648904400-5z2hh         0/1     Completed                    0          101m
staging              data-ingestion-update-lifecycle-statuses-1648908000-cq8c8         0/1     Completed                    0          41m
staging              data-ingestion-update-product-price-history-1648888200-9lnzc      0/1     Completed                    0          6h11m
staging              data-store-all-queues-7cdd8459cb-r5wlj                            1/1     Running                      0          25h
staging              data-store-gearman-767d9f4bbb-gb44f                               1/1     Running                      0          25h
staging              data-store-reingest-queues-5dbbc47f54-8879d                       0/1     CrashLoopBackOff             206        21h
staging              datascience-queries-exporter-1648740600-n66xw                     0/1     Completed                    0          47h
staging              deletion-service-66444d98ff-9mbmd                                 1/1     Running                      1          2d1h
staging              deletion-service-66444d98ff-zc2jq                                 1/1     Running                      4          9d
staging              demo-bot-fashion-5c57955db9-5r2vk                                 1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              demo-bot-fashion-us-695bcb6896-dkb6l                              1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              demo-bot-fashion2-846965c59f-xz85b                                1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              double-optin-588cf49d8b-ml2p7                                     1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
staging              email-archive-consumer-786577f5b-nkdbr                            1/1     Running                      0          8d
staging              email-archive-reader-775b5796fd-khmdp                             1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              email-archive-reader-postgres-0                                   1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              email-archive-service-6697d67996-c2wcf                            1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
staging              email-reports-1648910100-7mtfl                                    0/1     Completed                    0          6m36s
staging              email-reports-1648910400-cxrmt                                    0/1     Completed                    0          81s
staging              email-suppression-events-65b6fd56f7-mj675                         1/1     Running                      0          5d1h
staging              email-suppression-events-65b6fd56f7-w79jn                         1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
staging              export-contact-data-ometria-exports-events-1648774800-69kss       0/1     Error                        0          37h
staging              export-contact-data-ometria-exports-events-1648774800-8bv4h       0/1     Error                        0          37h
staging              export-contact-data-ometria-exports-events-1648774800-ld54n       0/1     Error                        0          37h
staging              export-contact-data-ometria-exports-events-1648774800-n4hzc       0/1     Error                        0          37h
staging              export-contact-data-ometria-exports-events-1648774800-qx52c       0/1     Error                        0          37h
staging              export-contact-data-ometria-exports-events-1648774800-ss62q       0/1     Error                        0          37h
staging              export-contact-data-ometria-exports-events-1648774800-sswt6       0/1     Error                        0          37h
staging              export-contact-data-ometria-exports-events-1648861200-96tfd       0/1     Error                        0          13h
staging              export-contact-data-ometria-exports-events-1648861200-cktgt       0/1     Error                        0          13h
staging              export-contact-data-ometria-exports-events-1648861200-fsq6n       0/1     Error                        0          13h
staging              export-contact-data-ometria-exports-events-1648861200-rb5mb       0/1     Error                        0          13h
staging              export-contact-data-ometria-exports-events-1648861200-rhkkw       0/1     Error                        0          13h
staging              export-contact-data-ometria-exports-events-1648861200-sr7rd       0/1     Error                        0          13h
staging              export-contact-data-ometria-exports-events-1648861200-wqzjt       0/1     Error                        0          13h
staging              export-historical-events-1648774800-2q2b6                         0/1     Error                        0          37h
staging              export-historical-events-1648774800-9lgbp                         0/1     Error                        0          37h
staging              export-historical-events-1648774800-kqfl7                         0/1     Error                        0          37h
staging              export-historical-events-1648774800-l7wgr                         0/1     Error                        0          37h
staging              export-historical-events-1648774800-mkrrg                         0/1     Error                        0          37h
staging              export-historical-events-1648774800-q4xt6                         0/1     Error                        0          37h
staging              export-historical-events-1648774800-qd9kt                         0/1     Error                        0          37h
staging              export-historical-events-1648861200-9k4zv                         0/1     Error                        0          13h
staging              export-historical-events-1648861200-dpphs                         0/1     Error                        0          13h
staging              export-historical-events-1648861200-fw9rf                         0/1     Error                        0          13h
staging              export-historical-events-1648861200-knlv2                         0/1     Error                        0          13h
staging              export-historical-events-1648861200-lwgzj                         0/1     Error                        0          13h
staging              export-historical-events-1648861200-mgc8l                         0/1     Error                        0          13h
staging              export-historical-events-1648861200-n8pkq                         0/1     Error                        0          13h
staging              gearman2-7dcf595cf4-jj5dm                                         4/4     Running                      0          5d4h
staging              gearman2-canary-78c654644d-6hhwn                                  1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
staging              horus-c58c6fdb6-fkj7m                                             1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              horus-c58c6fdb6-zllgr                                             1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
staging              image-recs-6b7d745c86-6l5hf                                       1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
staging              image-server-695ff8c5f9-nrh4f                                     1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              importers-admin-console-5c946766b6-88pcd                          1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              importers-expire-coupon-codes-1648904400-ht5lf                    0/1     Completed                    0          101m
staging              importers-expire-coupon-codes-1648908000-654fh                    0/1     Completed                    0          41m
staging              importers-runner-67d4bc8f88-8bnfn                                 1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
staging              importers-service-7574f8f8d4-hrgwc                                1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
staging              importers-service-create-coupons-b754b7455-th5qb                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              importers-shopify-abandoned-baskets-1648909440-gksbd              0/1     Completed                    0          17m
staging              importers-shopify-abandoned-baskets-1648910160-hg6nm              0/1     Completed                    0          5m36s
staging              importers-sync-active-products-1648807200-l2m4j                   0/1     Completed                    0          28h
staging              importers-sync-active-products-1648893600-c5psp                   0/1     Completed                    0          4h41m
staging              importers-worker-588c6c76df-zjv9v                                 1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              js-tracker-backend-889d4c7fd-pc2r9                                1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              js-tracker-pii-cleanup-redshift-strip-pii-1648785600-q7cd2        0/1     Completed                    0          34h
staging              js-tracker-pii-cleanup-redshift-strip-pii-1648872000-h5xln        0/1     Completed                    0          10h
staging              js-tracker-server-67547d56ff-pxj9z                                1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              js-tracker-traefik-6b457bd6d-k9b9c                                1/1     Running                      0          46h
staging              kafka-canary-584574658c-x28cq                                     1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
staging              lists-count-bd678766b-f6rsh                                       1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              lists-count-bd678766b-mqpjl                                       1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
staging              lists-count-generate-jobs-1648905960-hm6d2                        0/1     Completed                    0          75m
staging              lists-count-generate-jobs-1648909560-7txxx                        0/1     Completed                    0          15m
staging              lists-delete-archived-lists-1648905180-krqs4                      0/1     Completed                    0          88m
staging              lists-delete-archived-lists-1648908780-xrxlp                      0/1     Completed                    0          28m
staging              lists-initial-update-bd9967f57-5c29m                              1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
staging              lists-initial-update-bd9967f57-l5pfg                              1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              lists-initial-update-generate-jobs-8cb9cc66d-xmgbf                1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
staging              lists-membership-updates-firehose-76c6f8db44-8vdvj                1/1     Running                      0          2d3h
staging              lists-membership-updates-pg-5569648457-zjpp6                      1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              lists-operations-gearman-worker-f557cfbd9-k8vmg                   1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
staging              lists-operations-gearman-worker-f557cfbd9-kv5bh                   1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              lists-operations-redshift-transformer-1648908000-g9nvb            0/1     Completed                    0          41m
staging              lists-operations-redshift-transformer-1648909800-fggnq            0/1     Completed                    0          11m
staging              lists-refresh-dynamic-8687944564-gttwj                            1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              lists-refresh-dynamic-8687944564-r4mmc                            1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
staging              lists-refresh-dynamic-generate-jobs-5b8d4544c-6jzhh               1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
staging              lists-split-5bc5d9c588-kj562                                      1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
staging              lists-updates-redshift-export-557d46b74b-s6vb7                    1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              magento-pings-backend-1648910160-4lkqw                            0/1     Completed                    0          5m35s
staging              magento-pings-backend-1648910280-7wdxq                            0/1     Completed                    0          3m18s
staging              magento-pings-backend-1648910400-988vg                            0/1     Completed                    0          80s
staging              magento-pings-server-55bd67764b-476xh                             1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
staging              mass-email-check-finished-batches-675cb56945-8nb7m                1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
staging              mass-email-pipeline-rollup-7799688cbf-rhxwr                       1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              monitor-beanstalk-577df58b66-7svkp                                1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              monitor-beanstalk-automation-6f45dcb446-mkwwm                     1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              monitor-beanstalk-importers-66f4fdc7f4-z6gld                      1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              monitor-importers-5887d4d656-qjxtn                                1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              monitor-pii-ui-55cdb8d69-rk8m2                                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              nanahuatl-basic-go-web-app-6dcd5b8b7-b7njh                        1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              nanahuatl-basic-go-web-app-6dcd5b8b7-rjg7r                        1/1     Running                      0          8d
staging              nanahuatl-basic-kafka-web-app-58bf797844-b5m8v                    0/1     Error                        2534       8d
staging              nanahuatl-basic-kafka-web-app-5dc4d9554b-fbxmb                    0/1     CrashLoopBackOff             1466       5d4h
staging              nanahuatl-basic-kafka-web-app-68cbd58d8b-sdknl                    0/1     CrashLoopBackOff             2509       8d
staging              nanahuatl-basic-web-app-6b587c745c-698s5                          1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              nanahuatl-basic-web-app-6b587c745c-n2hdf                          1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              ometria-pr-bot-5fc6dc5c76-tmpjh                                   1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              onsite-product-recommendations-5d459b79f8-27242                   1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              onsite-product-recommendations-5d459b79f8-b7pqh                   1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              pgbouncer2-7f545c4c89-kjbjr                                       2/2     Running                      0          5d4h
staging              pgbouncer2-7f545c4c89-md85g                                       2/2     Running                      0          5d4h
staging              pilosa-data-exporter-pg-2-s3-1648771200-5cgvk                     0/1     Error                        0          37h
staging              pilosa-data-exporter-pg-2-s3-1648771200-5n69c                     0/1     Error                        0          37h
staging              pilosa-data-exporter-pg-2-s3-1648771200-5sb6r                     0/1     Error                        0          38h
staging              pilosa-data-exporter-pg-2-s3-1648771200-fqcq7                     0/1     Error                        0          38h
staging              pilosa-data-exporter-pg-2-s3-1648771200-h5k9z                     0/1     Error                        0          38h
staging              pilosa-data-exporter-pg-2-s3-1648771200-nbjps                     0/1     Error                        0          38h
staging              pilosa-data-exporter-pg-2-s3-1648771200-z7rz8                     0/1     Error                        0          38h
staging              placeholder-images-service-5c895ff467-2gtlt                       1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              placeholder-images-service-5c895ff467-9ww87                       1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              platform-loadtesting-http-799876458c-nxvsg                        1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              platform-loadtesting-http-799876458c-ztvx2                        1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              postgres-exporter-email-archive-prometheus-postgres-export72klg   1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              postgres-exporter2-ometria-core-5d7f6694bb-swhjz                  1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
staging              postgres-exporter2-ometria-ecomm-0000-698949c46b-jx85h            1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
staging              postgres-exporter2-ometria-ecomm-0000-ro-6f8cf754cd-84b8w         1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
staging              postgres-exporter2-ometria-ecomm-5678fbc9d-qwwn5                  1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
staging              postgres-exporter2-ometria-ecomm-ro-57d58bb57b-pqd8z              1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
staging              postgres2-0                                                       1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              predictive-segmentation-data-exporter-service-1648807200-4qddh    0/1     Completed                    0          28h
staging              predictive-segmentation-data-importer-service-1648461600-7bbg5    0/1     Error                        0          5d4h
staging              predictive-segmentation-data-importer-service-1648461600-b4llj    0/1     Error                        0          5d4h
staging              preferences-center-v2-767f66c46f-9r6hl                            1/1     Running                      0          10h
staging              product-recommendations-586d7f5f98-8mhpl                          1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              product-recommendations-586d7f5f98-chvm2                          1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              product-recommendations-586d7f5f98-rmfmg                          1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
staging              product-recommendations-586d7f5f98-t9pcs                          1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              product-recommendations-586d7f5f98-vt2br                          1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              product-recommendations-worker-dd9c68ff5-l9kfl                    1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
staging              product-recommendations-worker-dd9c68ff5-xvwfb                    1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              product-recs-cross-sell-1648759620-fb9h2                          0/1     Completed                    0          41h
staging              product-recs-cross-sell-1648846020-nvk4b                          0/1     Completed                    0          17h
staging              product-recs-latest-products-1648783620-qd7m4                     0/1     Completed                    0          35h
staging              product-recs-latest-products-1648870020-j7d87                     0/1     Completed                    0          11h
staging              product-recs-product-attributes-1648783980-kv6z2                  0/1     Completed                    0          35h
staging              product-recs-product-attributes-1648870380-tj8jh                  0/1     Completed                    0          11h
staging              product-recs-product-price-1648783860-svlmq                       0/1     Completed                    0          35h
staging              product-recs-product-price-1648870260-r95vh                       0/1     Completed                    0          11h
staging              product-recs-product-upsell-1648765380-92d8k                      0/1     Completed                    0          40h
staging              product-recs-product-upsell-1648851780-k5xp2                      0/1     Completed                    0          16h
staging              product-recs-similar-products-1648783740-pkr5m                    0/1     Completed                    0          35h
staging              product-recs-similar-products-1648870140-74kqt                    0/1     Completed                    0          11h
staging              product-recs-sync-stores-1648863600-xxvlj                         0/1     Completed                    0          13h
staging              product-recs-top-products-14-days-1648783140-d8nv9                0/1     Completed                    0          35h
staging              product-recs-top-products-14-days-1648869540-j7bmc                0/1     Completed                    0          11h
staging              product-recs-top-products-28-days-1648783380-fgnst                0/1     Completed                    0          35h
staging              product-recs-top-products-28-days-1648869780-r2rf2                0/1     Completed                    0          11h
staging              product-recs-top-products-7-days-1648783020-8jldw                 0/1     Completed                    0          35h
staging              product-recs-top-products-7-days-1648869420-jftgc                 0/1     Completed                    0          11h
staging              product-recs-update-entropies-1648778280-6bl5l                    0/1     Completed                    0          36h
staging              product-recs-update-entropies-1648864680-pzd8z                    0/1     Completed                    0          12h
staging              prometheus-pushgateway-7b6565688b-xh8k5                           1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              push-6b8756c686-mxr9l                                             1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              push-6b8756c686-ttsfp                                             1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              push-notifications-apps-api-5f487767cf-zlnq7                      1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              push-notifications-events-api-9b46c5f68-lwqn7                     1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              push-notifications-mobile-events-log-59c66bc5bd-g66s2             1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
staging              push-notifications-mobile-events-mapper-c799cd574-c6xd2           1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
staging              push-notifications-mobile-events-persist-7fb4fc96c4-z7ntg         1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              push-notifications-mobile-orders-dispatch-767cf6ffbf-kk6dt        1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              push-notifications-mobile-session-aggregator-59bdfbf559-vvk7v     1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
staging              push-notifications-notifications-persist-659b48c4c9-jgkgp         1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              push-notifications-send-api-77fbd9c599-5cjqq                      1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              push-notifications-send-api-77fbd9c599-ckhh5                      1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              pwned-check-6cfd5ddb96-h2cz4                                      1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              py-coreservices-c49944469-7gwtn                                   1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              realtime-persist-sessions-1648910340-mkhz5                        0/1     Completed                    0          2m37s
staging              realtime-persist-sessions-1648910400-czv8b                        0/1     Completed                    0          78s
staging              realtime-persist-sessions-1648910460-tmkz4                        0/1     Completed                    0          18s
staging              realtime-pipeline-active-visitors-7d997c8c85-9wsf9                1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              redshift-operations-5ccf4bd48-p7zx8                               1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
staging              reporting-64cc8884fd-2fd97                                        1/1     Running                      0          28h
staging              reporting-64cc8884fd-glfk9                                        1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              reporting-64cc8884fd-kqwbw                                        1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              reporting-64cc8884fd-x44qp                                        1/1     Running                      0          28h
staging              reporting-exports-674478b46b-mtst6                                1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              rstrt-pref-center-deploy-rstrt-1648785600-88l8c                   0/1     Completed                    0          34h
staging              rstrt-pref-center-deploy-rstrt-1648872000-pkmww                   0/1     Completed                    0          10h
staging              s3-2-pilosa-importer-v2-5979bcc777-dtqc5                          0/1     CrashLoopBackOff             2571       9d
staging              sessions-session-cleaner-1648908000-5vgg6                         0/1     Completed                    0          41m
staging              sessions-session-sink-6f9f584b6-wgr75                             1/1     Running                      2          9d
staging              sessions-session-source-5b975c6f4-lr2jj                           1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
staging              snowflake-exporter-695fb796b-f4v5l                                1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              snowflake-role-inspector-79fd6894f4-ll57k                         1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              sparkpost-events-ingestion-worker-5fc769fcbf-ck6gq                1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              stackdriver-exporter-js-tracker-54445cbbb6-6dk25                  1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
staging              stackdriver-exporter-magento-pings-7c7bcbcf5-rskqv                1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
staging              stackdriver-exporter-sparkpost-events-76df74c694-hgcbg            1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
staging              staging-gearman-exporter-6ff484b85c-b64jl                         1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
staging              staging-mongodb-7d68df949d-zrmcz                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              staging-redis-exporter-prometheus-redis-exporter-54b97fd97pglvq   1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              staging-redis-master-0                                            2/2     Running                      0          9d
staging              staging-service-load-balancer-exporter-667fc58597-rbthj           1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
staging              sync-contacts-facebook-segment-1648906800-zmctg                   0/1     Completed                    0          61m
staging              sync-contacts-facebook-segment-1648910400-zx7bh                   0/1     Completed                    0          78s
staging              sync-contacts-google-segment-1648131600-5qklz                     0/1     Error                        0          9d
staging              sync-contacts-google-segment-1648131600-dgms4                     0/1     Error                        0          9d
staging              sync-contacts-google-segment-1648131600-wl72h                     0/1     Error                        0          9d
staging              sync-contacts-google-segment-1648905600-7frvc                     0/1     Completed                    0          81m
staging              sync-contacts-google-segment-1648909200-fhxsm                     0/1     Completed                    0          21m
staging              sync-contacts-mailchimp-contact-1648864800-rrmz9                  0/1     Completed                    0          12h
staging              sync-contacts-mailchimp-importer-c5c694b69-92bmf                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              sync-contacts-mailchimp-publisher-5ddf556955-gbwmx                1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              sync-contacts-mailchimp-publisher-5ddf556955-gpxcd                1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
staging              sync-contacts-mailchimp-segment-1648904400-r7hxj                  0/1     Completed                    0          101m
staging              sync-contacts-mailchimp-segment-1648908000-6gjlf                  0/1     Completed                    0          41m
staging              synthetic-cypress-6d6bc569c6-55w4x                                1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              tray-message-processor-76754589c4-m7kj2                           1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              trigger-campaigns-contact-entry-api-8cfc8b944-542s8               1/1     Running                      0          7d22h
staging              trigger-campaigns-events-processor2-dd4ccdfd6-hx992               1/1     Running                      0          7d22h
staging              trigger-campaigns-gearman-worker-57f9fb65d4-2nsc8                 1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
staging              trigger-campaigns-initiator-84b6bbc58b-gr2w2                      1/1     Running                      0          21h
staging              trigger-campaigns-job-runner-699df9b87b-pk8kg                     1/1     Running                      1          7d22h
staging              trigger-campaigns-mobile-events-7b897dd958-npz5n                  1/1     Running                      0          7d22h
staging              trigger-campaigns-search-price-drop-cb896975-rlq6s                1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
staging              trigger-campaigns-searcher-7d9dc77cd9-s7r5h                       1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
staging              trigger-campaigns-unsubscribe-processor-7ff7566767-fr2cv          1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
staging              trigger-campaigns-welcome-processor-79b468647f-lbjxd              1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
staging              trigger-campaigns-welcome-processor-low-priority-7959cc48dcmsn8   1/1     Running                      0          7d22h
staging              unsubscribe-events-export-ometria-exports-1648782600-xsq42        0/1     Completed                    0          35h
staging              unsubscribe-events-export-ometria-exports-1648869000-6vdrb        0/1     Completed                    0          11h
staging              webhooks-sparkpost-5f45bc54dd-dnfdv                               1/1     Running                      0          2d23h
staging              webhooks-sparkpost-5f45bc54dd-m6wqj                               1/1     Running                      0          9d
staging              xml-importer-1648737900-6kcvj                                     0/1     Completed                    0          47h
staging              xml-importer-1648824300-qsnxf                                     0/1     Completed                    0          23h
test                 accounts-syncer-7fcc8bd6d4-szrs7                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 api-accounts-7fb756b5f-4rgmz                                      1/1     Running                      0          8d
test                 api-accounts-7fb756b5f-9w7v4                                      1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 api-audit-segments-89dc9d68-t68b2                                 1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 api-campaigns-74d8c55874-q8v4f                                    1/1     Running                      0          21h
test                 api-connections-5887ffcffc-xkztg                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 api-deletion-v1-d547fd7b4-zkdtz                                   1/1     Running                      5          9d
test                 api-demo-ingest-78d8986d6b-mk6rz                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 api-demo-ingest-78d8986d6b-tbczx                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 api-ecommerce-reporting-864c9ffcf4-f8q4s                          1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 api-overlays-5c588c5c78-4752l                                     1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 api-predictive-segmentation-78d4567f77-ffpdk                      1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 api-profiles-mobile-events-consumer-5fb4bd6794-dfhqb              1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 api-profiles-mobile-events-updater-745b7454b8-zxz2b               1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 api-profiles-v0-5d7b89dcbf-h5w7x                                  1/1     Running                      0          2d23h
test                 api-public-7c77b4d6f6-lzqkv                                       2/2     Running                      0          20h
test                 api-segments-578d7c6c75-wzlkl                                     1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 api-short-links-7b66c95d8d-kdkvp                                  1/1     Running                      0          21h
test                 api-short-links-7b66c95d8d-vx9wq                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 api-system-health-7f7d8b7d6c-9xxwg                                1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 api-tray-integrations-67757b88b5-ftphv                            1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
test                 async-reporting-gateway-8ff86b849-4xxsm                           1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 async-reporting-monitor-5b856c74d6-cf888                          1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 async-reporting-notifier-7db9fc9898-64ngl                         1/1     Running                      10         9d
test                 async-reporting-reaper-1648771200-pmvdd                           0/1     Completed                    0          38h
test                 async-reporting-reaper-1648857600-m9xcg                           0/1     Completed                    0          14h
test                 async-reporting-refresher-1648904400-hbs7m                        0/1     Completed                    0          101m
test                 async-reporting-refresher-1648908000-kgf2c                        0/1     Completed                    0          41m
test                 async-reporting-scheduler-1648861200-f48cw                        0/1     Completed                    0          13h
test                 async-reporting-scheduler-1648864800-bwv2g                        0/1     Completed                    0          12h
test                 async-reporting-worker-756b958796-8mxbh                           1/1     Running                      0          21h
test                 attribution-attribute-redshift-visits-5ccd7bf79c-xmtfv            1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 attribution-beanstalk-worker-5f65c56d77-qw7vv                     1/1     Running                      1          9d
test                 auth-webhook-5447f7b8d4-7g8vs                                     1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 auth-webhook-5447f7b8d4-qjmbm                                     1/1     Running                      0          21h
test                 beanstalkd-bbd7bdb68-kp9s6                                        1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
test                 beanstalkd-console-6f75cdf768-44qqd                               1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
test                 console-6956ddd579-5vmf8                                          3/3     Running                      0          9d
test                 console-6956ddd579-jppmf                                          3/3     Running                      0          3d21h
test                 console2-787b66d8c7-gftkx                                         3/3     Running                      0          9d
test                 console2-787b66d8c7-h4bqf                                         3/3     Running                      0          9d
test                 coreservices-beanstalk-7f888db6bd-kv859                           3/3     Running                      6          21h
test                 coreservices-gearman-6b8b86c4b4-bqxjd                             3/3     Running                      12         9d
test                 coreservices-gearman-accounts-5849fc5466-p6bc6                    3/3     Running                      3          9d
test                 cs-insights-reports-7bc848d9cd-xlg47                              0/1     CrashLoopBackOff             668        2d23h
test                 custom-integrations-768bdf4d98-b4znc                              1/1     Running                      8          3d21h
test                 customers-engagement-faker-1634791500-2j29r                       0/1     ImagePullBackOff             0          9d
test                 customers-health-dimensions-update-1648748100-vzvx7               0/1     Completed                    0          45h
test                 customers-health-dimensions-update-1648834500-nbwzn               0/1     Completed                    0          21h
test                 data-consistency-checking-64cc49bc97-tkmnv                        1/1     Running                      11         8d
test                 data-events-ingestion-6fd585f8c9-jczdd                            1/1     Running                      1          2d1h
test                 data-events-ingestion-6fd585f8c9-lnth4                            1/1     Running                      1          3d21h
test                 data-events-ingestion-redshift-transformer-1648908000-zkdgs       0/1     Completed                    0          41m
test                 data-events-ingestion-redshift-transformer-1648909800-cqkdm       0/1     Completed                    0          11m
test                 data-ingestion-all-queues-8647444c7b-fftrv                        1/1     Running                      0          24h
test                 data-ingestion-all-queues-staging-8595f5d6c6-dzqxv                1/1     Running                      0          24h
test                 data-ingestion-gearman-6b6896cfb6-6djgh                           1/1     Running                      0          24h
test                 data-ingestion-recalculate-customers-68cd6848d8-g7vfd             1/1     Running                      0          24h
test                 data-ingestion-recalculate-whales-5f89748b98-nkbff                1/1     Running                      0          21h
test                 data-ingestion-reingest-queues-5d55b6c765-hbzf9                   1/1     Running                      0          24h
test                 data-ingestion-update-lifecycle-statuses-1648904400-p8988         0/1     Completed                    0          101m
test                 data-ingestion-update-lifecycle-statuses-1648908000-bm58s         0/1     Completed                    0          41m
test                 data-ingestion-update-product-price-history-1648801800-f9ft6      0/1     Completed                    0          30h
test                 data-ingestion-update-product-price-history-1648888200-q7kr4      0/1     Completed                    0          6h11m
test                 data-store-all-queues-89478c964-hxxcr                             1/1     Running                      2          7d21h
test                 data-store-gearman-6c6c846dbd-ccqdx                               0/1     CrashLoopBackOff             250        26h
test                 data-store-integration-tests-6b88bf84f4-c2l28                     1/1     Running                      13         7d21h
test                 data-store-reingest-queues-5fd44cbb6f-wmlmq                       1/1     Running                      204        21h
test                 datascience-queries-exporter-1640097337-ptnxw                     0/1     ImagePullBackOff             0          9d
test                 datascience-queries-exporter-1648740600-sxh57                     0/1     Completed                    0          47h
test                 deletion-service-7dcb688749-p7swz                                 1/1     Running                      9          3d21h
test                 deletion-service-7dcb688749-pjbk2                                 1/1     Running                      22         9d
test                 demo-bot-fashion2-cd78c4fbc-ssw5z                                 1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 email-archive-consumer-b8899fb64-mft4v                            1/1     Running                      0          8d
test                 email-archive-reader-c7bfddf7f-lhqsn                              1/1     Running                      0          21h
test                 email-archive-reader-postgres-0                                   1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 email-archive-reader-service-6ddfc8c966-wv5p4                     1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 email-archive-service-54b78d8875-w78xz                            1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 email-reports-1648910100-6r6dd                                    0/1     Completed                    0          6m31s
test                 email-reports-1648910400-4pqh4                                    0/1     Completed                    0          97s
test                 email-suppression-events-557957f85-f4wqz                          1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
test                 export-contact-data-ometria-exports-events-1648774800-nqrfw       0/1     Completed                    0          37h
test                 export-contact-data-ometria-exports-events-1648861200-sw7vh       0/1     Completed                    0          13h
test                 export-email-events-ometria-exports-events-1648774800-wxtz5       0/1     Completed                    0          37h
test                 export-email-events-ometria-exports-events-1648861200-2dc47       0/1     Completed                    0          13h
test                 export-historical-events-1648774800-m8sq5                         0/1     Completed                    0          37h
test                 export-historical-events-1648861200-jj4lc                         0/1     Completed                    0          13h
test                 export-tracker-events-ometria-exports-events-1648774800-7dxp2     0/1     Completed                    0          37h
test                 export-tracker-events-ometria-exports-events-1648861200-l5rzz     0/1     Completed                    0          13h
test                 gearman2-6588fc5f85-z4bzq                                         4/4     Running                      0          5d4h
test                 gearman2-canary-57f9d5b6c4-rrb5l                                  1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
test                 gearman2-loadtest-5b6cd9b76b-2lkjv                                1/1     Running                      5          5d4h
test                 gearman2-loadtest-5b6cd9b76b-7glfm                                1/1     Running                      5          5d4h
test                 gearman2-loadtest-5b6cd9b76b-8gwwp                                1/1     Running                      5          5d4h
test                 gearman2-loadtest-5b6cd9b76b-9mgqz                                1/1     Running                      5          5d4h
test                 gearman2-loadtest-5b6cd9b76b-bdxnf                                1/1     Running                      5          5d4h
test                 gearman2-loadtest-5b6cd9b76b-bxf8h                                1/1     Running                      5          5d4h
test                 gearman2-loadtest-5b6cd9b76b-hgfmw                                1/1     Running                      0          2d23h
test                 gearman2-loadtest-5b6cd9b76b-jdxd7                                1/1     Running                      5          5d4h
test                 gearman2-loadtest-5b6cd9b76b-ljb2p                                1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
test                 gearman2-loadtest-5b6cd9b76b-vpbdk                                1/1     Running                      0          30h
test                 horus-688f7bd595-7r6vq                                            1/1     Running                      0          21h
test                 horus-688f7bd595-dnm28                                            1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 image-recs-56fb9d6899-7mn54                                       1/1     Running                      0          21h
test                 image-server-5757ff5484-rgh95                                     1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
test                 image-server-internal-7c67c7c56b-9vtgw                            1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 importers-admin-console-64bd48b748-8x86w                          1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 importers-expire-coupon-codes-1648904400-pwmpz                    0/1     Completed                    0          101m
test                 importers-expire-coupon-codes-1648908000-krmb6                    0/1     Completed                    0          41m
test                 importers-runner-6b777bbdf-gfhrq                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 importers-runner-account-352-7d5fb66c9-nzl67                      1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
test                 importers-service-69b57db587-wv8wq                                1/1     Running                      12         9d
test                 importers-service-create-coupons-7cb95cc8d5-6pv9f                 1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
test                 importers-shopify-abandoned-baskets-1648909440-mlxlg              0/1     Completed                    0          17m
test                 importers-shopify-abandoned-baskets-1648910160-ghgll              0/1     Completed                    0          5m31s
test                 importers-sync-active-products-1648807200-ftwrg                   0/1     Completed                    0          28h
test                 importers-sync-active-products-1648893600-6ndjg                   0/1     Completed                    0          4h41m
test                 importers-worker-account-352-b8bf59678-hjq5x                      1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 importers-worker-f59d9769c-gft9n                                  1/1     Running                      1          8d
test                 jbtest3-664dccd789-cxd74                                          1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
test                 jbtest4-0                                                         1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
test                 jbtest5                                                           1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 js-tracker-backend-7dfdd858dc-fddfq                               1/1     Running                      3263       9d
test                 js-tracker-server-747959f99d-pjw98                                1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 js-tracker-traefik-6bbcd9bff7-ft596                               1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
test                 kafka-canary-6cc976664c-fhmwq                                     1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 lists-count-75bc4d9cc4-2d25x                                      1/1     Running                      0          2d3h
test                 lists-count-generate-jobs-1648905960-rsdfd                        0/1     Completed                    0          75m
test                 lists-count-generate-jobs-1648909560-6rlhh                        0/1     Completed                    0          15m
test                 lists-delete-archived-lists-1648905180-txlgc                      0/1     Completed                    0          88m
test                 lists-delete-archived-lists-1648908780-gklh2                      0/1     Completed                    0          28m
test                 lists-initial-update-7ddbd848b7-v8rsq                             1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
test                 lists-initial-update-generate-jobs-5478b6dc66-r2lzt               1/1     Running                      3          2d1h
test                 lists-membership-updates-firehose-84c65d7747-lxrz7                1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
test                 lists-membership-updates-pg-5796886cd8-wxxrc                      1/1     Running                      0          2d3h
test                 lists-operations-gearman-worker-765c8bb4db-sq96c                  1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
test                 lists-operations-redshift-transformer-1648908000-z5kjl            0/1     Completed                    0          41m
test                 lists-operations-redshift-transformer-1648909800-4vtfr            0/1     Completed                    0          11m
test                 lists-refresh-dynamic-57548d89d4-lxkmb                            1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
test                 lists-refresh-dynamic-generate-jobs-65cc6b8779-6976f              1/1     Running                      4          2d1h
test                 lists-split-79b5d56d9-9rkpb                                       1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
test                 lists-updates-redshift-export-7b5d44f657-9tflw                    1/1     Running                      4          2d1h
test                 magento-pings-backend-1648910160-hrqkc                            0/1     Completed                    0          5m31s
test                 magento-pings-backend-1648910280-78vzr                            0/1     Completed                    0          3m33s
test                 magento-pings-backend-1648910400-9r9f5                            0/1     Completed                    0          95s
test                 magento-pings-server-5859c5d84c-767h5                             1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 mass-email-check-finished-batches-78476f47c-c4spj                 1/1     Running                      5          3d21h
test                 mass-email-pipeline-rollup-755bbf8975-fdfxp                       1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
test                 mass-email-pipeline-stats-1648132020-q8vk6                        0/1     Error                        0          9d
test                 mass-email-pipeline-stats-1648132020-zffjs                        0/1     Error                        0          9d
test                 mass-email-pipeline-stats-1648132020-zlgp8                        0/1     Error                        0          9d
test                 mass-email-pipeline-stats-1648132200-4xvxp                        0/1     Error                        0          9d
test                 mass-email-pipeline-stats-1648132200-jg67m                        0/1     Error                        0          9d
test                 mass-email-pipeline-stats-1648910160-s9hmq                        0/1     Completed                    0          5m30s
test                 mass-email-pipeline-stats-1648910340-kvfm2                        0/1     Completed                    0          2m35s
test                 monitor-beanstalk-789d468b9c-5ntbh                                1/1     Running                      0          8d
test                 monitor-beanstalk-automation-c96885589-xfk7d                      1/1     Running                      0          8d
test                 monitor-beanstalk-datadog-78cfc94b88-lgctm                        1/1     Running                      88         9d
test                 monitor-beanstalk-datadog-automation-7fb587f94b-lmb9z             1/1     Running                      0          8d
test                 monitor-beanstalk-importers-84c98868f-qvdph                       1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 monitor-importers-6ddd5748df-5skg6                                1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 monitor-pii-ui-98c6cf8d6-4x9bc                                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 my-product-recs-loadtests-798759f76d-r94gm                        1/1     Running                      217        9d
test                 nanahuatl-basic-go-web-app-66fd95db9d-jtfkd                       1/1     Running                      0          2d23h
test                 nanahuatl-basic-go-web-app-66fd95db9d-wj2qn                       1/1     Running                      0          8d
test                 nanahuatl-basic-kafka-web-app-5ff98c4d7-5thgv                     0/1     Error                        2516       8d
test                 nanahuatl-basic-kafka-web-app-6475b8b4d5-fvrst                    0/1     CrashLoopBackOff             1466       5d4h
test                 nanahuatl-basic-kafka-web-app-65bcdfc94-t84bj                     0/1     CrashLoopBackOff             2508       8d
test                 nanahuatl-basic-web-app-7b765dcccb-q4842                          1/1     Running                      0          8d
test                 nanahuatl-basic-web-app-7b765dcccb-vjb69                          1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 ometria-pr-bot-8ff98cbb6-9vpm6                                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 onsite-product-recommendations-cfbd65879-78mrz                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 onsite-product-recommendations-cfbd65879-ssg77                    1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
test                 pgbouncer2-75f9dbd9c7-lbj7h                                       2/2     Running                      0          21h
test                 pgbouncer2-75f9dbd9c7-t6z5l                                       2/2     Running                      0          5d4h
test                 pilosa-data-exporter-pg-2-s3-1648890000-w9krd                     0/1     Completed                    0          5h41m
test                 pilosa-data-exporter-pg-2-s3-1648900800-59nth                     0/1     Completed                    0          161m
test                 placeholder-images-service-548bcc99f4-mfhsz                       1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
test                 placeholder-images-service-548bcc99f4-wpfx7                       1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 platform-loadtesting-http-7ddcd8dcf8-drpv5                        1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 platform-loadtesting-http-7ddcd8dcf8-j7jl6                        1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 postgres-exporter-email-archive-prometheus-postgres-exporthkvjl   1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 postgres-exporter2-ometria-core-7c6f569d8b-hlv2s                  1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
test                 postgres-exporter2-ometria-ecomm-0000-6597454c8f-nlt9k            1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
test                 postgres-exporter2-ometria-ecomm-0000-ro-5c4b5f549c-xc756         1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
test                 postgres-exporter2-ometria-ecomm-dcd9b5fd-zff5b                   1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
test                 postgres-exporter2-ometria-ecomm-ro-54cc99c84b-kdzwx              1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
test                 postgres2-0                                                       1/1     Running                      0          21h
test                 predictive-segmentation-data-exporter-service-1648807200-5fvfq    0/1     Completed                    0          28h
test                 predictive-segmentation-data-importer-service-1648461600-75wb7    0/1     Error                        0          5d4h
test                 predictive-segmentation-data-importer-service-1648461600-s2zbn    0/1     Error                        0          5d4h
test                 predictive-segmentation-data-importer-service-1648461600-xh9lz    0/1     Error                        0          5d4h
test                 preferences-center-v2-7dc4f496b7-8dkgp                            1/1     Running                      0          10h
test                 product-recommendations-57d99f8b5b-cljxl                          1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 product-recommendations-worker-56bfc8c696-kwzs5                   1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
test                 product-recs-cross-sell-1648759620-rkvdv                          0/1     Completed                    0          41h
test                 product-recs-cross-sell-1648846020-j5hln                          0/1     Completed                    0          17h
test                 product-recs-latest-products-1648783620-d9jlh                     0/1     Completed                    0          35h
test                 product-recs-latest-products-1648870020-6cwvx                     0/1     Completed                    0          11h
test                 product-recs-product-attributes-1648783980-tf8cl                  0/1     Completed                    0          35h
test                 product-recs-product-attributes-1648870380-mvh2f                  0/1     Completed                    0          11h
test                 product-recs-product-price-1648783860-c259m                       0/1     Completed                    0          35h
test                 product-recs-product-price-1648870260-hx295                       0/1     Completed                    0          11h
test                 product-recs-product-upsell-1648765380-bpmwr                      0/1     Completed                    0          40h
test                 product-recs-product-upsell-1648851780-4x979                      0/1     Completed                    0          16h
test                 product-recs-similar-products-1648783740-srn4c                    0/1     Completed                    0          35h
test                 product-recs-similar-products-1648870140-8dlgh                    0/1     Completed                    0          11h
test                 product-recs-sync-stores-1648863600-vf8vf                         0/1     Completed                    0          13h
test                 product-recs-top-products-14-days-1648783140-774nb                0/1     Completed                    0          35h
test                 product-recs-top-products-14-days-1648869540-5kvgt                0/1     Completed                    0          11h
test                 product-recs-top-products-28-days-1648783380-v8r2w                0/1     Completed                    0          35h
test                 product-recs-top-products-28-days-1648869780-r48kx                0/1     Completed                    0          11h
test                 product-recs-top-products-7-days-1648783020-hz67p                 0/1     Completed                    0          35h
test                 product-recs-top-products-7-days-1648869420-mj8gf                 0/1     Completed                    0          11h
test                 product-recs-update-entropies-1648778280-zzgnf                    0/1     Completed                    0          36h
test                 product-recs-update-entropies-1648864680-xv9ff                    0/1     Completed                    0          12h
test                 prometheus-pushgateway-56ccbf4d7d-b4t8l                           1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 push-notifications-apps-api-d555466df-295t6                       1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 push-notifications-events-api-6745d75454-7jm4w                    1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 push-notifications-mobile-events-log-79fc47f7f8-mblbz             1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 push-notifications-mobile-events-mapper-d46c574bd-smbcf           1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 push-notifications-mobile-orders-dispatch-66c6ffcb6-5ffjt         1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
test                 push-notifications-mobile-session-aggregator-7c46d976b6-rwpwb     1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 push-notifications-notifications-persist-85595f5f8f-nrd5l         1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 push-notifications-send-api-f45967ffc-7pqq2                       1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 py-coreservices-58557c6d97-zf6zl                                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 realtime-persist-sessions-1648910400-8p9pp                        0/1     Completed                    0          93s
test                 realtime-persist-sessions-1648910460-7wnpm                        0/1     Completed                    0          34s
test                 realtime-pipeline-active-visitors-69b8466956-rx496                1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
test                 realtime-pipeline-active-visitors-service-6ff47df7bf-d8qj7        1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
test                 reporting-5d4bc65dcc-t22m7                                        1/1     Running                      0          21h
test                 reporting-exports-6777b798bc-s7bgb                                1/1     Running                      0          26h
test                 rstrt-pref-center-deploy-rstrt-1648785600-sclgb                   0/1     Completed                    0          34h
test                 rstrt-pref-center-deploy-rstrt-1648872000-8d4wc                   0/1     Completed                    0          10h
test                 s3-2-pilosa-importer-v2-5f7f9777bc-gtww6                          1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
test                 sessions-session-cleaner-1648910400-lcxk8                         0/1     Completed                    0          93s
test                 sessions-session-sink-f98b4c9fc-w5fk8                             1/1     Running                      2          9d
test                 sessions-session-source-9d44979b4-gsslg                           1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 snowflake-exporter-848c47b97f-w2zwt                               1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 snowflake-role-inspector-7dcdcc4c45-z6p2f                         1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
test                 sparkpost-events-ingestion-worker-786664b855-z6dkw                1/1     Running                      0          3d21h
test                 stackdriver-exporter-js-tracker-8455ffbcc9-r54g2                  1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
test                 stackdriver-exporter-magento-pings-5c7556448d-57k8s               1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
test                 stackdriver-exporter-sparkpost-events-6d55749f8d-k8jd9            1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
test                 statuspage-updater-94cf9f76d-vlc62                                1/1     Running                      0          2d23h
test                 sync-contacts-facebook-segment-1648906800-x2fqd                   0/1     Completed                    0          61m
test                 sync-contacts-facebook-segment-1648910400-8kjl6                   0/1     Completed                    0          93s
test                 sync-contacts-google-segment-1648905600-rxhlq                     0/1     Completed                    0          81m
test                 sync-contacts-google-segment-1648909200-pt54m                     0/1     Completed                    0          21m
test                 sync-contacts-mailchimp-contact-1648778400-m5mzx                  0/1     Completed                    0          36h
test                 sync-contacts-mailchimp-contact-1648864800-6p7wt                  0/1     Completed                    0          12h
test                 sync-contacts-mailchimp-importer-7bbf67cbfc-qkf84                 1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
test                 sync-contacts-mailchimp-publisher-6fbf6c7d46-htvxr                1/1     Running                      0          2d1h
test                 sync-contacts-mailchimp-publisher-6fbf6c7d46-jk7wh                1/1     Running                      0          2d5h
test                 sync-contacts-mailchimp-segment-1648904400-28jq6                  0/1     Completed                    0          101m
test                 sync-contacts-mailchimp-segment-1648908000-mr5hr                  0/1     Completed                    0          41m
test                 synthetic-cypress-58cd989f5f-gl4q8                                1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 test-68bd45b577-7vjc7                                             1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 test-gearman-exporter-fbd68d899-bvvz5                             1/1     Running                      1          5d4h
test                 test-mongodb-65466957dc-sgpb7                                     1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 test-redis-master-0                                               2/2     Running                      0          21h
test                 test-service-load-balancer-exporter-564745767-kr578               1/1     Running                      0          5d4h
test                 tray-message-processor-7df8c465f4-hw8hx                           1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 trigger-campaigns-contact-entry-api-6d9cf86cdc-hrv9d              1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 trigger-campaigns-events-processor2-5bb58578c7-g6tww              1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 trigger-campaigns-gearman-worker-78459d9f75-xqg86                 1/1     Running                      5          5d4h
test                 trigger-campaigns-initiator-5f4b67d965-ltbkz                      1/1     Running                      0          21h
test                 trigger-campaigns-job-runner-55b77b8b4d-tfwjd                     1/1     Running                      8          9d
test                 trigger-campaigns-mobile-events-78bd685784-sttcq                  1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 trigger-campaigns-search-price-drop-f64dbccf9-fnrsd               1/1     Running                      0          8d
test                 trigger-campaigns-searcher-547b4d978-v8nc4                        1/1     Running                      0          8d
test                 trigger-campaigns-unsubscribe-processor-68484c699d-d4p6v          1/1     Running                      1          21h
test                 trigger-campaigns-welcome-processor-7d779b5c85-77qpl              1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 trigger-campaigns-welcome-processor-low-priority-77c5bbd89lkws7   1/1     Running                      0          8d
test                 webhooks-sparkpost-5d687f9cb-dgkbh                                1/1     Running                      0          9d
test                 webhooks-sparkpost-5d687f9cb-pc5v7                                1/1     Running                      0          9d
